>> Todd Gardner: The Chrome
user experience report.
Now, I've alluded to this a few times so
far.
The Chrome user experience report,
this is how Google knows what
your website's performance is,
so it can decide whether or
not it wants to, penalize your ranking.
So every user who uses blink,
a blink browser is capable of
capturing the Core Web Vitals,
but not everybody who uses blink can
necessarily send that data to Google.
That'd be kind of weird, but
everybody who uses Chrome,
which is Google's proprietary browser.
Everybody who uses Chrome can send data,
and if you've logged into your Chrome,
you've signed into your Google account so
that it remembers things,
and you can sync your extensions
somewhere in that giant terms of
service that you signed you
gave Google the ability to say.
Send your performance data back to Google,
and that's what Crux is.
It's every single logged in user
who uses Chrome around the world,
Chrome is measuring the Core Web Vitals
and some other metrics about that user and
sending it back to their system, which
is the Chrome user experience report.
Now, this data represents field data, it's
the real data from all of these users,
from all of those logged in Chrome users.
Now they don't care about every
website if you visit localhost,
if you visit intranet.yourcompany.com,
they don't wanna capture that.
They wanna capture the top
million public websites.
Probably more than a million, I think
that's what they say, but I think they're
actually capturing more than a million for
the purposes of deciding ranking.
They're capturing all this data,
then they anonymize the data.
They put a bunch of fuzzing in it to
round the numbers off a little bit and
remove all the information about
how many page views is actually
being represented here, and
then they publish this.
You can get the Crux data, the Chrome
user experience data from any website,
from your website,
from your competitor's website,
from my website, from anybody's website,
this data is publicly available.
It's given to you on
a 28 day rolling average.
So when you look at it, it's at your score
from the Chrome user experience report on
any given day, it doesn't actually measure
what your site was doing that day,
it measures the average of what
the last 28 days have done.
And that's, again, to kind of fuzz
everything and anonymize it so you can't,
figure out the traffic patterns of
your competitors based on this data.
This data is all stored in
Google BigQuery, which,
if you are familiar with the Google Cloud
System, and you're a developer, and
you know how SQL works and BigQuery work,
and you can do all that stuff.
You can go and query this, stated
directly, caution if you do stupid queries
it can cost you real amounts of money
because it has lots and [LAUGH] lots of
data in it, but the data is also available
by an API, you can get this data in page
speed insights and Google search
console and a bunch of other tools.
One such tool the publishes
the data is something that I wrote,
called the speed check,
the speed check is what we'll do next.
If you go to request metrics,
speed check, we can do a real-time
query against the Chrome user
experience report for any website.
So for example,
if I wanna see how target.com is rating
right now I can go and do that, and
here is the current Chrome
user experience scores for
target.com, their desktop score
is they are failing LCP and CLS.
They are passing INP, so
potentially they are getting SEO penalties
depending on who they're competing
with and what their scores are.
For mobile, it's a little bit worse
their CLS is better on mobile, but
their INP is a lot worse.
Mobile devices don't have
as much processing power,
JavaScript's gonna take longer,
that's not an entirely surprising score.
We can also see TTFB and FCP,
those metrics are also captured that we
could report on, and
you can do this for anything.
So if you wanna check out what
your site is doing right now,
you can go out to the Speed Check tool,
type in any domain you want.
Now if I was Target, let's say I am Target
Let's say I'm a performance developer
at Target, and I wanna make sure that
my site is faster than my competitors.
Well, I can look up my competitors
I could go to walmart.com and
I could see what Walmart is doing I'm,
Walmart is having some CLS problems
we can see in their recent data
it's gotten a lot worse now it's
still in the good range barely,
but they're right at that edge,
and they're failing LCP and INP.
On desktop, they're failing LCP,
on mobile, they're failing the same ones.
So, we can see are we faster or slower
than our competitors, which is a really
interesting side effect of the Chrome User
Experience Report is not only do we know
that Google has performance data about our
website, but they have it for everybody.
And so this isn't like a secret, you know
if your website is performing poorly.
This tells you if your website's
performing poorly, and
you can look at the people who you
compete with for search ranking, and
make sure that your site is performing
better than them, which is pretty cool.
Crux is a really powerful set of tools.
Now, the Crux is revealed in a bunch of
different places, Speed Check is something
that I built because I thought a lot
of them were really complicated to get.
One of the other places that you can get
it is inside a PageSpeed Insights report.
This is at pagespeed.web.dev, a lot of you
might have used PageSpeed Insights before.
PageSpeed Insights is basically
Lighthouse run as a synthetic test.
So rather than running
Lighthouse on your browser,
you're telling Google's data
center to run it for you.
Now you don't have a lot of control of it,
but it at least has to do network hops.
So we typed in target.com,
it's gonna go off and do something.
Right off the bat, it's going to tell us,
discover what your
real users are experiencing right
here at the top, this is Crux,
it's basically that same data that
I just pulled for the origin.
So it captures it both for
specific URLs or whole origins.
The Speed Check tool that I built,
only does origin this one can you can do
either, but it shows you the real user
data first because it's still
busy doing the actual test.
So we can see, here's the Crux data,
hopefully this loads here in a second,
come on.
So behind the scenes, PageSpeed Insight
does is it spun up like some server
instance that ran a mobile version of
Chrome, and it ran a Lighthouse report.
This looks exactly like the Lighthouse
report we ran locally, but
it's packaged in here, and it shows us
the performance score, the LCP, CLS,
First Contentful Paint, some other stuff.
Again, it does not give us an INP,
there's no user interaction.
We couldn't instruct it to do anything for
us, but we get some general information
about it, as well as some recommendations
for what it thinks we can improve.
So this was actually a really big moment
when page speed insights put Crux in here
as well, because this data, art like not
arguably this data is more relevant and
meaningful than what came below it.
If this data says you're good,
this number doesn't matter.
If this data says you're failed,
then if this number says
100% it also doesn't matter,
your data is still bad,
and it meant that this if your
field data is failing, but
this is passing,
it means the robot's wrong.
The synthetic test is wrong,
it doesn't represent the real users.
So PageSpeed Insights, lets you
get kind of compare both together.